how we're doing L whitefish coming up
that a happy face whoa nice fish white
fish billets tonight
oh that's a big weight a big white yeah
that is Khloe's coming up backwards hang
on hey let him go down you got him by
the tail is that why you saw every turn
you must have hooked look yourself all
right
that's what you hooked on me oh yes
you're yeah yes you are concentrating
hard whoo yeah I wanted to bring him
through the hole oh come on here come on
face into the hole yeah my there we go
come on up baby
oh you got a pretty mouth okay well I
can stop filming right about now
how we doing out Oh more same looks good
Oh actually if you want to hold it over
the hole hey I want to get down so fired
that I'm gonna go into the there we go
that's a big look wow that's gotta go
back that's too big to keep that is too
too big to keep oh you turned off
and she's disappearing dropping down
Suns going down on old guys
Oh guys mo mo you like the camera puts
on ten years no age did you say AIDS and
there goes the Sun time to go home